% interview with Martha Jones begins on 2019-03-10@14:44

% interviewer notes that Martha looked worried, as all mothers tend to be.

interviewer: Thank you for coming in Mrs. Kapershnaz. I know you must be busy. I see here that you are a contractor for Mechanical Jerk?

martha: Yes. We provide Meanness as a Service. I wish it was salaried, but I do find the work quite compelling.

% interviewer notes that Martha is now beaming

interviewer: You feel a sense of pride in your work?

martha: Oh yes. My most recent client hired me to overwhelm a woman she had a crush on throughout the poor dear's dating profiles. She wanted to make the object of her desire so sick of men, that she herself would appear like quite the catch.

% interviewer notes that zhe wore a face of disaproval.
% interviewer would also like to note that we should consider Martha Jones' services the next time the IT dames slow down our network to a crawl.

martha: But you did not call me in to talk about my work.

interviewer: No, you are right. I did not. We are trying to track down your son, William. We believed he was associating with an interesting crowd and he refused to come in for questioning. Anything you can tell me about his recent movements would be helpful.

martha: Oh dear, I do not know how much help I can be. Recently, he has been mostly just been prattling about how excited he is that he and Lucy are finally going to redecorate their apartment. They have had this creaky old couch for so long. It was practically all they fought about.

interviewer: You do not seem defensive or surprised that we are trying to track down your son?

martha: Not at all. Like I said. Him and Lucy have been wanting to redecorate for a *long* time. Really, I am mostly disappointed that he got caught so easily. You try to raise these kids right, you know.

% end interview
